h1. Installation process

Joobsbox comes bundled with an intuitive, 3 steps installer.

h2. Step 1

This is the most complex step. Here you need to provide the site's name, the prefered user interface language and the database information. 

h3. Joobsbox needs a database

This is a tricky part that could bring trouble to the unexperienced. JoobsBox needs to store its information in a database. For now you can choose between using a MySQL database or a SQLite database.

h4. MySQL

This is probably the most used database engine on the web and most likely your web hosting provider already offers you a MySQL service.

h5. Setting up

First, YOU have to set up a database for Joobsbox to store its data in it. This is usually done using your host's control/admin panel under the databases section. 

%(important)If you don't set up a database JoobsBox will throw a nasty error and won't install.

h5. What happens if your host only allows you one database

Joobsbox thought about that, you can add a prefix JoobsBox can use so that you can easily distinguish JoobsBox's tables from the other tables you might have. This simplifies the management of your tables so you can easily uninstall JoobsBox and not risk overwriting or deleting important tables from your other webapps or sites.

h5. Database information required by Joobsbox to connect

Joobsbox connects to the database server in the background. Yet still, it needs proper credentials. The following information is required of you:

* database name
* connection username
* connection password
* database server address

The connection username and password must be a correct combination for a user that can connect to the database you specified in the database name field. 
The database server address is "localhost" most of the times. However, there are some hosts that require you to specify otherwise. Please refer to your hosts' documentation for more information.

h5. The table prefix

This can be set to something like "jbs_" if you need it. 

h4. SQLite

In case you don't want to, or can't use the MySQL databse JoobsBox can work happily with SQLite databases. Connecting to a SQLite is somewhat less complicated.

h5. Setting up



h2. Step 2

If you passed step 1, step 2 is a welcoming screen that creates an administration user for you.

h2. Step 3

There's no step 3 really. This only tells you that you're done! Congrats!
